README.md, before:

# Rainbow-six-siege-lore

This website is for entertainment and educational purpose, starting by looking back into where Rainbow six siege first released, the development, and in-depth into the lore. By using different type of media such as image and video to entertain and educate the user about the game history, and future of development. By utilizing newsletter the user will be getting an update on the lore and the development of the game.

## UX

The purpose of this site is to entertain and educate the user with Rainbow six siege development and lore, this include trailers from the previous update and the comics from the game developer Ubisoft. 

The color scheme will be using black and white to simplfy and stick with old classic Rainbow six siege color.

## Technologies utilized

HTML
CSS
Google Fonts
Gitpod
Github

## Bugs

During coding for games.html when creating the timelines, I put too many content within which causing it to be lagging, in order to fixed it, I moved all the content into eight seperate html.

## Credits

Hero image:

https://coolthemestores.com/rainbow-six-siege-wallpaper-hd-new-tab/

Hero image second and background games:

https://wall.alphacoders.com/by_sub_category.php?id=225751&name=Tom+Clancy%27s+Rainbow+Six%3A+Siege+Wallpapers

 All games timelines information gather from source below:

 https://rainbowsix.fandom.com/wiki/Tom_Clancy%27s_Rainbow_Six_Siege

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYV8lYwteEU&t=286s

# Year 1

Season 1

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_rf8K13gow

Season 2

https://youtu.be/cqHxebcvgDE

Season 3

https://youtu.be/lqsL4QpKXeM

Season 4

https://youtu.be/12hNVzz4CYY

# Year 2

Season 1

https://youtu.be/TuNPJIVR9AM

Season 2

https://youtu.be/rhJscsn4GWs

Season 3

https://youtu.be/93jV9004foc

Season 4

https://youtu.be/Ld1LL97Pry0

# Year 3

Season 1

https://youtu.be/meLOY29qarc

https://youtu.be/LAGk9wEvf9c

Season 2

https://youtu.be/FAtll3RFHSw

Season 3

https://youtu.be/PYGbFvSfgmY

Season 4

https://youtu.be/jPZbHhfvjzg

# Year 4

Hammer & Scalpel

https://youtu.be/C61bhu8eI3o

The program

https://youtu.be/JvxnlR1BaEU

Season 1

https://youtu.be/Nymp-HB4kgU

Season 2

https://youtu.be/nRuFq-pN9QU

Season 3

https://youtu.be/U4pe1Ei7Pk4

Season 4

https://youtu.be/wRFQuon0Veg

https://youtu.be/swl0anQp4eI

# Year 5

Tournament of champion

https://youtu.be/RDz1dUceFAQ

Season 1

https://youtu.be/_C0jv_cXrj8

Season 2

https://youtu.be/c41qhi9Pi5A

Season 3

https://youtu.be/ZFRsW_cMLAk

Season 4

https://youtu.be/ug5lI1VjiRg

# Year 6

The playbook

https://youtu.be/hd0sbs5Pu28?si=95CixNfwALTSfjI4

Season 1

https://youtu.be/b2LV-T3PROE?si=9Xa4a-GZg5zTJKH5

Season 2

https://youtu.be/njfw9e26PQA?si=3-rZ7Cy0rYAAdqvf

Season 3

https://youtu.be/3jwF1WqxHzY?si=xPX4qeNz9HNAGz1O

Season 4

https://youtu.be/-s1SsNSHKlc?si=PJ7Z38NeCG8_jDTX

## Year 7

Sister in arms

https://youtu.be/1-utBXsiOG0?si=Mcz9H3PzI_TM8q6F

Night haven situation

https://youtu.be/VYV1l7Zcz94?si=faSIYOkGd1eXTlkI

Season 1

https://youtu.be/GMo1565ijf4?si=hXqdCBteGr9Lg_lB

Season 2

https://youtu.be/n3mmX0J05vc?si=1J5wlCuKedDuklDd

Season 3

https://youtu.be/FB5h_3yHtu8?si=TKUMhGHYz31zMQCD

Season 4

https://youtu.be/cce6Wn2SQo0?si=2IH3AkCS-8gxRkPF

# Year 8

Siege Invitational 2023

https://youtu.be/jQeh4BJxfMg?si=hBjXak7N5e-lhj_D

Season 1

https://youtu.be/g7Jc9yxr5Lk?si=bd6dgziF0u-B3oiT

Season 2

https://youtu.be/Unj2rUT_abw?si=wSDl9TiaRjlIOB0G

# Comic link

https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/game/rainbow-six/siege/game-info/media

Commit message:

update the UX and add more section on read me

README.md, after:

# Rainbow-six-siege-lore

This website is for entertainment and educational purpose, starting by looking back into where Rainbow six siege first released, the development, and in-depth into the lore. By using different type of media such as image and video to entertain and educate the user about the game history, and future of development. By utilizing newsletter the user will be getting an update on the lore and the development of the game.

## UX

The purpose of this site is to entertain and educate the user with Rainbow six siege development and lore, this include trailers from the previous update and the comics from the game developer Ubisoft. By utilizing Youtube video embedded on each years and seasons, it will provide the user with entertainment and help the user to understand the lore and the developement.

The color scheme will be using black and white to simplfy and stick with old classic Rainbow six siege color. The header will be using the color black and white to make it easier to navigate, while the main section will be using both background pictures and the grey color to keep up with theme. The use of background images as for decoration and to give the looks of the member of rainbow six siege.

### Existing Feature

## Testing

## Technologies utilized

HTML
CSS
Google Fonts
Gitpod
Github

## Bugs

During coding for games.html when creating the timelines, I put too many content within which causing it to be lagging, in order to fixed it, I moved all the content into eight seperate html.

## Credits

Hero image:

https://coolthemestores.com/rainbow-six-siege-wallpaper-hd-new-tab/

Hero image second and background games:

https://wall.alphacoders.com/by_sub_category.php?id=225751&name=Tom+Clancy%27s+Rainbow+Six%3A+Siege+Wallpapers

 All games timelines information gather from source below:

 https://rainbowsix.fandom.com/wiki/Tom_Clancy%27s_Rainbow_Six_Siege

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYV8lYwteEU&t=286s

# Year 1

Season 1

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_rf8K13gow

Season 2

https://youtu.be/cqHxebcvgDE

Season 3

https://youtu.be/lqsL4QpKXeM

Season 4

https://youtu.be/12hNVzz4CYY

# Year 2

Season 1

https://youtu.be/TuNPJIVR9AM

Season 2

https://youtu.be/rhJscsn4GWs

Season 3

https://youtu.be/93jV9004foc

Season 4

https://youtu.be/Ld1LL97Pry0

# Year 3

Season 1

https://youtu.be/meLOY29qarc

https://youtu.be/LAGk9wEvf9c

Season 2

https://youtu.be/FAtll3RFHSw

Season 3

https://youtu.be/PYGbFvSfgmY

Season 4

https://youtu.be/jPZbHhfvjzg

# Year 4

Hammer & Scalpel

https://youtu.be/C61bhu8eI3o

The program

https://youtu.be/JvxnlR1BaEU

Season 1

https://youtu.be/Nymp-HB4kgU

Season 2

https://youtu.be/nRuFq-pN9QU

Season 3

https://youtu.be/U4pe1Ei7Pk4

Season 4

https://youtu.be/wRFQuon0Veg

https://youtu.be/swl0anQp4eI

# Year 5

Tournament of champion

https://youtu.be/RDz1dUceFAQ

Season 1

https://youtu.be/_C0jv_cXrj8

Season 2

https://youtu.be/c41qhi9Pi5A

Season 3

https://youtu.be/ZFRsW_cMLAk

Season 4

https://youtu.be/ug5lI1VjiRg

# Year 6

The playbook

https://youtu.be/hd0sbs5Pu28?si=95CixNfwALTSfjI4

Season 1

https://youtu.be/b2LV-T3PROE?si=9Xa4a-GZg5zTJKH5

Season 2

https://youtu.be/njfw9e26PQA?si=3-rZ7Cy0rYAAdqvf

Season 3

https://youtu.be/3jwF1WqxHzY?si=xPX4qeNz9HNAGz1O

Season 4

https://youtu.be/-s1SsNSHKlc?si=PJ7Z38NeCG8_jDTX

# Year 7

Sister in arms

https://youtu.be/1-utBXsiOG0?si=Mcz9H3PzI_TM8q6F

Night haven situation

https://youtu.be/VYV1l7Zcz94?si=faSIYOkGd1eXTlkI

Season 1

https://youtu.be/GMo1565ijf4?si=hXqdCBteGr9Lg_lB

Season 2

https://youtu.be/n3mmX0J05vc?si=1J5wlCuKedDuklDd

Season 3

https://youtu.be/FB5h_3yHtu8?si=TKUMhGHYz31zMQCD

Season 4

https://youtu.be/cce6Wn2SQo0?si=2IH3AkCS-8gxRkPF

# Year 8

Siege Invitational 2023

https://youtu.be/jQeh4BJxfMg?si=hBjXak7N5e-lhj_D

Season 1

https://youtu.be/g7Jc9yxr5Lk?si=bd6dgziF0u-B3oiT

Season 2

https://youtu.be/Unj2rUT_abw?si=wSDl9TiaRjlIOB0G

# Comic link

https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/game/rainbow-six/siege/game-info/media
